Informations :
    Process:
        a process is a program being executed by a computer.
    Signal :
        a signal is a electronic message used to communicate informations or instructions to a system or a program.
    Sent signals :
        the function kill() is used to sent signal to process or process group.

getpid function :
    Definition:
        PID :
            a pid is a unique non-negative integer assigned by the os to a process when it is created.
        getpid function :
            getpid is a function that returns the process ID of the calling process.

Kill function :
    kill function is used to send signal to a peocess or a group of process. the signal is use to terminate, interrupt a process or communicate with process. it takes two arguments :
        the first argument is the process id of the process or group of processes to which the signal should be sent.
        the second argument is the signal that should be sent.
    in our program, the client uses kill() to send SIGUSR1 and SIGUSR2 signals to the server.
    the client calls kill(pid, SIGUSR1) to send SIGUSR1 signal to server to indicate a 1 bit, and kill(pid, SIGUSR2) to send a SIGUSR2 signal to the server to indicate a 0 bit.

sigaction:
    sigaction struct :
        sigaction struct is used to specify the action taken by a process when a particular signal is delivered to it.
    sa_sigaction :
        is a function pointer that points to the signal handler function that should be called when the signal is received.
        in our program ft_handler is set as the signal handler for SIGUSR1 and SIGUSR2 signals.
    sa_mask :
        this is a set of signals that should be blocked by the process while the signal handler is executing.
        in our program is initialized using sigemptyset() which sets the signal set to an empty set.
    sa_flags :
        this is a set of flags that specify additional options for the signal handler.
        in our program is set to 0, wich means that no additional options are set.
    sigaction() function :
        is a function that is used to set the action taken by a process when a particular signal is delivered to it, it takes 3 arguments :
            the first argument is the signal number (SIGUSR1 or SIGUSR2) for which the action is being set.
            the second argument is a pointer to sigaction struct that describes the action to be taken.
            the last argument is a pointer to sigaction struct that is used to store the previous action, if desired.
    sigemptyset();
        is a function that initializes a signal set to be empty.
    pause() :
        is a function force a process to pause until a signal is received from kill().
when sigaction function called, is sets the action for a specified signal to the values specified in the struct sigaction.
in our program the sigaction is called twice, once for SIGUSR1 and once for SIGUSR2, to set ft_handler function as the signal for these signals.

SIGUSR1 and SIGUSR2 :
    SIGUSR1 and SIGUSR2 are special signals used by operating systems to indicate a user request.
    These signals are generally used to send commands or requests to a running process, rather than to signal an error or a stopping condition.
    The difference between the two is that SIGUSR1 is used to send specific commands or requests to a process, while SIGUSR2 is reserved for a specific use determined by the user.
